---
author: Jose E.
date: 2025-11-19
tags: fallenfate, mdc, playtesting, gamedevelopment, gamedev
---

# Notes from Jose E.

- Playtester name: Simon
- Aspect ratio issue was not fixed.
- Simon played maximized at Full HD
- Cool transition in title screen.
- Simon remembered the controls somewhat.
- Professor pointed out the controls should be explained within the main game.
- Simon died without realizing why.
- One of the capsule enemies has no health and should be killable.
- There are attacks coming from nowhere.
- Make the story follow the mechanics, rather than the other way around.
- There can be a prompt on what button to press when in low health.
- The ability to pick up health items should be there.
- The room is filled with every enemy in the game; it's too much.
    - A lot of enemies on the screen.
    - Ideally, the room should introduce one enemy, ability, and/or mechanic at a time.
    - Everything is isolated and then you can bring it together afterwards.
- Simon wants to maximum the outputs from the minimum amount of inputs.
    - There's a lot of different inputs which can be overwhelming.
    - In arcade games, you find specials through button combinations.
    - Professor mentioned having forgotten the controls after looking at the help screen.
- The amount of feedback visible for hits in the current build is good.
    - The specials should be compartmentalized more, however.
- Simon is also skeptical on the NPC assist with the health.
    - Where the player is on the room is a big part of the tension.
    - Having to press a button to heal takes aways a lot of tension and risk.
    - Picking up health might be better because it plays into the tension more.
- The level feels more like a toybox than an actual level.
    - Simon says a sandbox, from a developers perspective, is an open space for different mechanics to bounce off of each other and to combine assets together to see how they interact with each other.
    - Diego says the difference, however, is the direction and experience.
    - Level design and the placement of assets within rooms drives the story progression or design intent.
    - Omar says in order to make a sandbox into a proper level, 
    - Jose says cohesion is a big part for level design between sandboxes and levels; affordance of feels.
    - Simon says the presentation of it changes how you feel. Give them something to look at, something to feel, and that comes with level design, art assets, and game design.

- Playtester name: Ash
- Playtester just wants to read the help screen.
- Ash's name is a single word in the credits.
- Ash doesn't know what's going on in the level.
- Ash: "There's all this stuff going on."
- There's a way to have an editor-only God mode or have a debug script to grant invincibility and so on.
- No invincibility frames.
- No animations on anything.

- Playtester name: Rodney
- Likes the title screen but doesn't see a settings screen.
- Why is there a second title screen?
- Too much information on the controls page.
- No feedback. I don't understand why this guy's not dying.
- Simon did not comment at all on the rhythm; it's too small to see.
- I'm being shot by something I can't see.
- A lot of empty space in the later rooms.
- Too much damage from the boss.