---
author: Jose E.
date: 2025-10-29
---

Playtesting Session from David V.

# Notes from Jose E.

To play the game, use WASD to move, H to attack, and B to block. You can also press B to perry. UI is simple.
Help and Credit items do not work.
No music is playing.
Attacks are not facing both directions.
You can fall off the map.
Was there anything supposed to be past the enemy? No.
The player only looks forward.
The playtester was only able to test a single button; no other buttons visually worked.
How did you feel about the movement of the character? The character walking speed should be slightly faster.
The playtester was not told about dash.
How do you feel about the dash? All good. It feels you could manually speed up the pace of travel.
Do you like the amount of distance you're traveling? Playtester can't tell if it feels good yet but compares the movement to Cuphead.
What do you feel about the Z depth? I think it's good distance wise and once you have the assets, it'll be easier to feel.
What's one thing you like to see added to the game? Sprites. I only got to try two buttons.
What's one thing you like about the game? The dash.

# Notes from Diego R.

Playtest Notes:
Oct 29, 2025 David V. (playtester)
H - Attack
B - Block and Parry
WASD -Movement

    Help and quit don't work.

Hitboxes appearing normally.Enemy is taking damage and disappearing.Block button does not work.Hitboxes only appearing in front the player despite turning around.Player fell off the map.Game does not have any pause menu or restart option.
Player notes:
Hitboxes only appearing in front the player despite turning around.
Player understood that was early build and was forgiving.
Discovered spacebar equal dash.

Diego's Questions:
How does player walking speed feel?
Would be nice faster, but feels good.

How do you feel about the dash?
Feels good

Do you like how much distance you dash?
Cuphead. Not sure if the dash feels good yet.
Kingdom hearts players like spamming the roll because it feels good, not because its effective, but because it feels good.
It feels good to have more control over your movement instead of just walking speed the entire game.

What's one thing you would like to see added?
Not enough buttons or controls, need more art and more gameplay loop.

One thing you liked about the game?
The dash.