---
author: Jose E.
date: 2025-11-05
tags: fallenfate, mdc, playtesting, gamedevelopment, gamedev
---

# Notes from Jose E.

- Playtester Simon the tutor
- One enemy and one level.
- Tweening on the bottom play button
- Playtester is having fun with the music and button animation.
- Playtester is testing the main menu buttons.
- Playtester wanted to look at the credits but the credits button is not working.
- No door collisions.
- The key J is for the attacks.
- Playtester likes the dash movement.
- Playtester can noclip out of the door at the very end to fall off the map.
- No kill floor.
- The scene that Rodney wanted Playtester to check is not present on the Git.

## Questions:

- What did you think of the main menu?
    - I was very impressed. I didn't know what to expect but this is like cool. I like that tone a lot. This is like fluff but each of the buttons, it would be cool if there was a tone.
- What do you think of the scenery?
    - The scenery is really good. It's still really primitive.
    - I'm an environment artist. These are big rooms with not a lot going on in them.
    - There is some rubble but there's not a lot. You need props, little models to fill up the einvornment to break up the repition.
    - This is a top down view and there's stuff hanging from the ceiling.
    - You want to think about how you can minimize the negative space as much as possible.
    - I like that its color consistent.
    - There needs to be another marker for the beat and also feedback on how on beat you were.
    - The first button I pushed is usually the special one. I need some mana meter to tell you how much energy you have.
- What do you think of the health?
    - I think the health looks fine. There's just not much in-game feedback yet.
    - I think the health itself reads fine.
- We have the boss in another branch and we really want to show it to you.
    - We got some Z-fighting on the tiles.
    - Playtester fell off the map.
    - There are two songs playing during the boss battle.
    - The player is turning yellow. Why? I don't know.
- When the enemies are attacking, there's a tell.
    - No, that's great. I couldn't tell if there's additional enemies coming in if I could kill them or not.
- Misc.
    - I'm excited to see character art and animations on everything.
    - I think the enemy pathing is fine. Enemies will have different behaviors.
    - When I first approached the door, my first instinct is to attack it.
    - I also see you have the meshnet set up. Breaking up the rooms.
    - A little bit of elevation difference and something to incorporate the dash. Some kind of guillotine thing.
    - Be careful with the lasso idea.